---
slug: "/post1"
title: "Quit my job, enroll for bootcamp"
date: "2018-12-24"
---

## If you don't like something, change it

It might sound easier than done. Career change at the age of 34 is risky isn't it? No it is not, not if it is something you have always wanted to do. I see it more as an investment for my future.

I found interest in web deveopment at a young age, the days of Geocities and Angelfire. This was in the early days of the web, we were privileged enough to have internet at such a young age, thanks dad! I started my own web design/development business early high school. Obviously the interest was there. After school I knew what I wanted to do when I finish school, should be something with computers. After scouting few schools I found one which offered something in my direction. I had to see student advisor before submission. Upon completing the tests he advised me to go into engineering, young and naive I listened to him. I have been working at amazing companies the past few years and I am very grateful for the experience I got from these companies. These were the building blocks up and to where I am now but I regret it until this day that I have not followed the web development path at young age. 

Well, that is all going to change in 2019. I have enrolled for a intense 9 week web development bootcamp. Some people ask me why have you decided to do bootcamp if I do have web development experience? I do feel comfortable with the basics but it feels like I am lacking the strong fundamentals. Also with the fast pace web development is moving, especially JavaScript I feel that going head down and focusing on this for 9 weeks I should be up to standard again.

This is the most exciting thing I am pursuing in my professional career and I can't wait to get started! 