---
slug: "/post11"
title: "Week 10 Update"
date: "2019-04-09"
---

## Hiring Week...

The final days of the bootcamp arrived. This week was all about getting yourself ready for the job market. We had workshops every day discussing our portfolio's, resumes, online presence, etc. We had all kind of experts coming out to talk to us, also in person workshops which was very good. You tend to think you know how to deal with these situations until you have to face it. It was definitely good preparation for what we will face in the coming weeks of job hunting.

This also brings me to my final post for the bootcamp updates together with my summary of the bootcamp which follows below. In the coming weeks I will update the blog on how the job hunting is going. 

### Bootcamp summary

Let me start off by telling any newcomers to web development who is thinking of signing up to prepare yourself properly. You will have an interview before being accepted to bootcamp which should give you an idea what to expect. Personally I would advise you to complete online course before starting the bootcamp. Yes, you will be learning these skills during the bootcamp but just to prepare yourself for what is going to come. 

9 weeks sounds like a long time, but it goes really quick. It is an intense 9 weeks, where you really need to be focused. They will tell you once you start the bootcamp to NOT fall behind, stick to this, work hard, it will pay off in the end.

Obviously you will have to be motivated to do this bootcamp, that is why you signed up right? Because you love what you are doing and want to learn more. It is really important to stay positive during this time, your positive energy will reflect and affect those around you. There will be days when energy is low and when nothing is making sense during the lectures, this is normal, sounds crazy but it is. Don't overthink it, break it up in blocks and reevaluate it. Keep it in the simplest form before moving to more advanced methods.

We don't know everything and we will not know everything in such a short time. See the bootcamp as baseline to build your new skills, it will come back to you the more you work with it. 

Just do your best, don't be afraid to ask questions and most important get enough sleep. I would #totally# recommend attending a bootcamp, even if you are experienced the bootcamp will just solidify the existing skills. It will force you to think the way you should be.

Good luck!

